Document renaming the journald log folder when changing machine id (#3903)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

> - Document renaming the journal folder when changing machine-id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Documented renaming the journal folder when changing machine ID in
  Administration Guide
```
